README.md, before:

![Rafa Mori Banner](https://github.com/rafa-mori/.github/blob/661f6f130131342296429af51d15f5eb6b98679e/assets/banners/name-top_banner_a.png)

# Hi there! 👋

Welcome to my GitHub profile! I'm Rafael Mori, a software developer passionate about solving complex problems and
creating impactful solutions. Always looking to learn, grow, and share knowledge with the community. 🚀

---

## About Me
- 🔭 **Currently working on**: Various software development projects focused on innovation and efficiency.
- 🌱 **Currently learning**: Exploring new technologies and honing my skills in cloud computing and AI.
- 💬 **Ask me about**: Anything related to software development, or let's brainstorm new ideas!
- ⚡ **Fun fact**: I thrive on challenges that push my limits and allow me to think outside the box.

---

## My Tech Stack
Here are the technologies I work with, represented by icons for easy reference. I try to order them by usage/knowledge, but I am always open to learning new things!
Some of them are not in the list, some i'm not using anymore, but I have some knowledge about them.

### **Languages:**
<div align="center">
  <a href="#">
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=bash,js,go,python,ts,dart,java,php,cs,c" />
  </a>
</div>
<br>

### **Frameworks:**
<div align="center">
  <a href="#">
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=flutter,express,react,angular,flask,django,jquery,bootstrap,wordpress,laravel,spring,vue" />
  </a>
</div>
<br>

### **Cloud:**
<div align="center">
  <a href="#">
    <div style="width: 50px !important; max-width: 50px !important; display: inline-block; margin-right: 7px;">
      <svg style="margin-bottom: 0px; padding-bottom: 0px;" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 128 128"><path fill="#FFFF" d="M55.387 66.469h8.333l-4.407-7.09-8.088 12.819h-3.681L57.382 56.8a2.324 2.324 0 011.931-.998c.765 0 1.478.363 1.892.972l9.876 15.424H67.4l-1.736-2.865h-8.438l-1.839-2.864zm38.235 2.864V55.958h-3.123v14.685c0 .402.156.791.454 1.089.298.298.7.466 1.141.466h14.244l1.841-2.865H93.622zm-51.677-2.397c3.033 0 5.496-2.449 5.496-5.482s-2.462-5.496-5.496-5.496H28.28v16.241h3.123V58.822h10.335c1.452 0 2.618 1.18 2.618 2.631s-1.167 2.631-2.618 2.631l-8.806-.013 9.324 8.127h4.538l-6.274-5.263h1.425zM9.059 72.198c-4.483 0-8.122-3.629-8.122-8.114s3.638-8.127 8.122-8.127h9.439c4.485 0 8.121 3.643 8.121 8.127s-3.636 8.114-8.121 8.114H9.059zm9.229-2.865a5.25 5.25 0 005.258-5.249 5.262 5.262 0 00-5.258-5.263H9.267a5.262 5.262 0 00-5.256 5.263 5.25 5.25 0 005.256 5.249h9.021zm59.314 2.865c-4.484 0-8.126-3.629-8.126-8.114s3.642-8.127 8.126-8.127h11.212l-1.829 2.864H77.81a5.267 5.267 0 00-5.264 5.263c0 2.903 2.36 5.249 5.264 5.249h11.263l-1.84 2.865h-9.631zm38.197-2.865a5.25 5.25 0 01-5.055-3.824h13.35l1.84-2.864h-15.19a5.266 5.266 0 015.055-3.824h9.163l1.854-2.864h-11.225c-4.484 0-8.126 3.643-8.126 8.127s3.642 8.114 8.126 8.114h9.631l1.841-2.865h-11.264"/></svg>
    </div>
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=aws,azure,vercel,netlify" />
  </a>
</div>
<br>

### **VCS:**
<div align="center">
  <a href="#">
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=git,github,bitbucket" />
  </a>
</div>
<br>

### **Containerization:**
<div align="center">
  <a href="#">
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=docker,kubernetes" />
  </a>
</div>
<br>

### **Databases:**
<div align="center">
  <a href="#">
    <img width="50px;" style="margin-right: 7px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/oracle/oracle-original.svg"/>
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=mysql,mongodb,redis,rabbitmq,postgresql,sqlite" />
  </a>
</div>
<br>

### **Other:**
<div align="center">
  <a href="#">
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=idea,vscode,pycharm,webstorm,sublime,visualstudio,arduino,androidstudio,nginx,postman,devto,stackoverflow" />
  </a>
</div>
<br>

### **Operating Systems:**
<div align="center">
  <a href="#">
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=linux,debian,ubuntu,kali,arch,windows,androidstudio,apple" />
  </a>
</div>
<br>

---

## GitHub General Stats
![Rafa Mori's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats-git-main-faelmoris-projects.vercel.app/api?username=faelmori&show_icons=true&theme=date_night)

## Github Languages Stats
![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats-git-main-faelmoris-projects.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=faelmori&layout=compact&show_icons=true&theme=date_night&langs_count=15)

[//]: # (## GitHub General Stats)

[//]: # (![Rafa Mori's GitHub stats]&#40;https://faelmori-readme-stats-faelmoris-projects.vercel.app/api/status/up?username=faelmori&show_icons=true&theme=date_night&#41;)

[//]: # ()
[//]: # (## Github Languages Stats)

[//]: # (![Top Languages]&#40;https://faelmori-readme-stats-faelmoris-projects.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=faelmori&layout=compact&show_icons=true&theme=date_night&langs_count=15&#41;)

---

## Connect with Me
- 📫 **Reach me at**:
   - [Gmail](mailto:faelmori@gmail.com) ✉️
   - [Live](mailto:faelmori@live.com) ✉️
   - [Discord](#kblom) 🎮
- 💼 Let's connect on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rafael-mori-b7025516/) or follow me on [Twitter](https://x.com/faelOmori)! 

---

Feel free to explore my repositories, and let's collaborate on something amazing. The coding world is better when we work together! ✨

Commit message:

feat: adicionar instruções de deploy automático para GitHub Pages no README.md e criar arquivo DEPLOY.md
Signed-off-by: Rafael Mori <faelmori@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

![Rafa Mori Banner](https://github.com/rafa-mori/.github/blob/661f6f130131342296429af51d15f5eb6b98679e/assets/banners/name-top_banner_a.png)

# Hi there! 👋

Welcome to my GitHub profile! I'm Rafael Mori, a software developer passionate about solving complex problems and
creating impactful solutions. Always looking to learn, grow, and share knowledge with the community. 🚀

---

## About Me
- 🔭 **Currently working on**: Various software development projects focused on innovation and efficiency.
- 🌱 **Currently learning**: Exploring new technologies and honing my skills in cloud computing and AI.
- 💬 **Ask me about**: Anything related to software development, or let's brainstorm new ideas!
- ⚡ **Fun fact**: I thrive on challenges that push my limits and allow me to think outside the box.

---

## My Tech Stack
Here are the technologies I work with, represented by icons for easy reference. I try to order them by usage/knowledge, but I am always open to learning new things!
Some of them are not in the list, some i'm not using anymore, but I have some knowledge about them.

### **Languages:**
<div align="center">
  <a href="#">
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=bash,js,go,python,ts,dart,java,php,cs,c" />
  </a>
</div>
<br>

### **Frameworks:**
<div align="center">
  <a href="#">
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=flutter,express,react,angular,flask,django,jquery,bootstrap,wordpress,laravel,spring,vue" />
  </a>
</div>
<br>

### **Cloud:**
<div align="center">
  <a href="#">
    <div style="width: 50px !important; max-width: 50px !important; display: inline-block; margin-right: 7px;">
      <svg style="margin-bottom: 0px; padding-bottom: 0px;" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 128 128"><path fill="#FFFF" d="M55.387 66.469h8.333l-4.407-7.09-8.088 12.819h-3.681L57.382 56.8a2.324 2.324 0 011.931-.998c.765 0 1.478.363 1.892.972l9.876 15.424H67.4l-1.736-2.865h-8.438l-1.839-2.864zm38.235 2.864V55.958h-3.123v14.685c0 .402.156.791.454 1.089.298.298.7.466 1.141.466h14.244l1.841-2.865H93.622zm-51.677-2.397c3.033 0 5.496-2.449 5.496-5.482s-2.462-5.496-5.496-5.496H28.28v16.241h3.123V58.822h10.335c1.452 0 2.618 1.18 2.618 2.631s-1.167 2.631-2.618 2.631l-8.806-.013 9.324 8.127h4.538l-6.274-5.263h1.425zM9.059 72.198c-4.483 0-8.122-3.629-8.122-8.114s3.638-8.127 8.122-8.127h9.439c4.485 0 8.121 3.643 8.121 8.127s-3.636 8.114-8.121 8.114H9.059zm9.229-2.865a5.25 5.25 0 005.258-5.249 5.262 5.262 0 00-5.258-5.263H9.267a5.262 5.262 0 00-5.256 5.263 5.25 5.25 0 005.256 5.249h9.021zm59.314 2.865c-4.484 0-8.126-3.629-8.126-8.114s3.642-8.127 8.126-8.127h11.212l-1.829 2.864H77.81a5.267 5.267 0 00-5.264 5.263c0 2.903 2.36 5.249 5.264 5.249h11.263l-1.84 2.865h-9.631zm38.197-2.865a5.25 5.25 0 01-5.055-3.824h13.35l1.84-2.864h-15.19a5.266 5.266 0 015.055-3.824h9.163l1.854-2.864h-11.225c-4.484 0-8.126 3.643-8.126 8.127s3.642 8.114 8.126 8.114h9.631l1.841-2.865h-11.264"/></svg>
    </div>
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=aws,azure,vercel,netlify" />
  </a>
</div>
<br>

### **VCS:**
<div align="center">
  <a href="#">
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=git,github,bitbucket" />
  </a>
</div>
<br>

### **Containerization:**
<div align="center">
  <a href="#">
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=docker,kubernetes" />
  </a>
</div>
<br>

### **Databases:**
<div align="center">
  <a href="#">
    <img width="50px;" style="margin-right: 7px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/oracle/oracle-original.svg"/>
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=mysql,mongodb,redis,rabbitmq,postgresql,sqlite" />
  </a>
</div>
<br>

### **Other:**
<div align="center">
  <a href="#">
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=idea,vscode,pycharm,webstorm,sublime,visualstudio,arduino,androidstudio,nginx,postman,devto,stackoverflow" />
  </a>
</div>
<br>

### **Operating Systems:**
<div align="center">
  <a href="#">
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=linux,debian,ubuntu,kali,arch,windows,androidstudio,apple" />
  </a>
</div>
<br>

---

## GitHub General Stats
![Rafa Mori's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats-git-main-faelmoris-projects.vercel.app/api?username=faelmori&show_icons=true&theme=date_night)

## Github Languages Stats
![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats-git-main-faelmoris-projects.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=faelmori&layout=compact&show_icons=true&theme=date_night&langs_count=15)

[//]: # (## GitHub General Stats)

[//]: # (![Rafa Mori's GitHub stats]&#40;https://faelmori-readme-stats-faelmoris-projects.vercel.app/api/status/up?username=faelmori&show_icons=true&theme=date_night&#41;)

[//]: # ()
[//]: # (## Github Languages Stats)

[//]: # (![Top Languages]&#40;https://faelmori-readme-stats-faelmoris-projects.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=faelmori&layout=compact&show_icons=true&theme=date_night&langs_count=15&#41;)

---

## 🚀 Quick Deploy to GitHub Pages

This portfolio includes an automated deployment system similar to MkDocs:

```bash
npm run deploy
```

**What it does:**
- ✅ Builds the project locally
- ✅ Creates/uses a dedicated `gh-pages` branch  
- ✅ Deploys to GitHub Pages automatically
- ✅ Returns to your original branch
- ✅ Keeps everything organized and clean

See [DEPLOY.md](./DEPLOY.md) for detailed instructions.

---

## Connect with Me
- 📫 **Reach me at**:
   - [Gmail](mailto:faelmori@gmail.com) ✉️
   - [Live](mailto:faelmori@live.com) ✉️
   - [Discord](#kblom) 🎮
- 💼 Let's connect on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rafael-mori-b7025516/) or follow me on [Twitter](https://x.com/faelOmori)! 

---

Feel free to explore my repositories, and let's collaborate on something amazing. The coding world is better when we work together! ✨
